Defender for Servers P2 additional capability (#116152)
Azure/azure-content: articles/defender-for-cloud/plan-defender-for-servers-select-plan.md

| **[Qualys vulnerability assessment](deploy-vulnerability-assessment-vm.md)** | As an alternative to Defender Vulnerability Management, Defender for Cloud can deploy a Qualys scanner and display the findings. You don't need a Qualys license or account. | Not supported in Plan 1 | :::image type="icon" source="./media/icons/yes-icon.png":::|
|**[Adaptive application controls](adaptive-application-controls.md)** | Adaptive application controls define allowlists of known safe applications for machines. To use this feature, Defender for Cloud must be enabled on the subscription. | Not supported in Plan 1 |:::image type="icon" source="./media/icons/yes-icon.png"::: |
| **Free data ingestion (500 MB) to Log Analytics workspaces** | Free data ingestion is available for [specific data types](faq-defender-for-servers.yml#what-data-types-are-included-in-the-daily-allowance-) to Log Analytics workspaces. Data ingestion is calculated per node, per reported workspace, and per day. It's available for every workspace that has a *Security* or *AntiMalware* solution installed. | Not supported in Plan 1 | :::image type="icon" source="./media/icons/yes-icon.png"::: |

> | **Free Azure Update Manager Remediation for Arc machines** | [Azure Update Manager remediation of unhealthy resources and recommendations](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/update-center/update-manager-faq#im-a-defender-for-server-customer-and-use-update-recommendations-powered-by-azure-update-manager-namely-periodic-assessment-should-be-enabled-on-your-machines-and-system-updates-should-be-installed-on-your-machines-would-i-be-charged-for-azure-update-manager) is available at no additional cost for Arc enabled machines. If Defender for Server P1 is used on an Arc device, then remediation of unhealthy resources would be charged at the daily prorated $0.16/server. | Not supported in Plan 1 | :::image type="icon" source="./media/icons/yes-icon.png"::: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Free Azure Update Manager Remediation for Arc machines** | [Azure Update Manager remediation of unhealthy resources and recommendations](../update-center/update-manager-faq.md#im-a-defender-for-server-customer-and-use-update-recommendations-powered-by-azure-update-manager-namely-periodic-assessment-should-be-enabled-on-your-machines-and-system-updates-should-be-installed-on-your-machines-would-i-be-charged-for-azure-update-manager) is available at no additional cost for Arc enabled machines. If Defender for Server P1 is used on an Arc device, then remediation of unhealthy resources would be charged at the daily prorated $0.16/server. | Not supported in Plan 1 | :::image type="icon" source="./media/icons/yes-icon.png"::: |
```
